#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile dev-requirements.in
#
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
arcp==0.2.1
    # via rocrate
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autopep8==2.3.2
    # via nbqa
beautifulsoup4==4.14.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
black[jupyter]==25.9.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   rocrate
comm==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
coverage==7.10.7
    # via nbval
cryptography==46.0.2
    # via pyjwt
debugpy==1.8.17
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
distlib==0.4.0
    # via virtualenv
executing==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbformat
filelock==3.19.1
    # via virtualenv
flake8==7.3.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
giturlparse==0.12.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
identify==2.6.15
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.30.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbval
ipython==9.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbqa
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
isort==6.1.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
jedi==0.19.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   rocrate
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.25.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbval
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab-code-formatter
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
jupyterlab-code-formatter==3.0.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
lark==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   rfc3987-syntax
lxml==6.0.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mistune==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbval
nbqa==1.9.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
nbval==0.11.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-code-formatter
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==4.3.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.23.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
psutil==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via
    #   autopep8
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.23
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.4.0
    # via flake8
pygithub==2.8.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via pygithub
pynacl==1.6.0
    # via pygithub
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   rdflib
pytest==8.4.2
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   nbval
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   rocrate
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-events
pytokens==0.1.10
    # via black
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pre-commit
pyzmq==27.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
rdflib==7.2.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   pygithub
    #   rocrate
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3987-syntax==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
rocrate==0.14.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
soupsieve==2.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   bleach
tokenize-rt==6.2.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   nbqa
tomli==2.2.1
    # via nbqa
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250822
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   arrow
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   pygithub
    #   referencing
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pygithub
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.34.0
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
